the avenue of the baobobs
is probably the most incredible and
surreal avenue in the world
to see it head to madagascar it's not
the only giant thing you can find there
this island is also home to huge comet
moths
their wingspan is crazy up to eight
inches
so you don't even need to look for iffy
bottles with drink me signs on it
to significantly shrink in size
wakuchina looks like an oasis in the
middle of a desert
oh wait it actually is a desert but
unlike many others
it has a bunch of clubs and bars a fun
thing you can do there
is sand boarding and even body boarding
make sure you've got the glasses on and
your
mouth's tightly closed the tunnel of
love in cleveland ukraine is
completely covered with plants some
couples believe that if they go through
this two and a half mile long
tunnel together their dream might come
true
be careful what you wish for though
there are trains going through this
tunnel three times every day
the dark hedges in northern ireland seem
a bit creepy
because of the legend that surrounds
this alley the locals say the road is
haunted by the ghost
called the gray lady by the way guess
what tv show was filmed here
in northern portugal there's a wonderful
house that looks like
a prehistoric building almost like a
cave but
it's an actual cottage it's called casa
du pinedo
which literally means boulder house and
it's a tiny museum now
from far away it looks like a huge stone
and a perfect dwelling for some
mysterious creature
another such a boat is in italy
somewhere in the middle of richensie
it's an artificial lake created as a
result of flooding
this place is famous for its 14th
century church
standing right in the water so the only
time you can get there on foot
is in winter when and if the lake
freezes over
one lake you can definitely take a
stroll on is by call
no wonder located in the heart of
siberia it freezes over
every winter it's so large that it has
27 islands on it
it's also the deepest lake in the world
reaching almost
5 400 feet
off the hot waters grand prismatic
spring in wyoming
is the largest spring in the us and the
third largest water source of this kind
in the world
don't you dare swim there not only is it
boiling hot
you'll also have to face a fine for that
enjoy it safely
on the shore jose michelle
in normandy france is a top fairy tale
destination
if you ever wanted to feel like a prince
or princess
the magnificent castle is surrounded by
water but
not all the time it all depends on the
moon
the highest tide can be seen 36 to 48
hours
after a full moon when i was there i saw
only a deserted area with a few puddles
a night sky with thousands of stars has
those romantic vibes
but the literal sea of stars probably
has even more
welcome to the maldives vathu island
the beaches here glow blue at night
thanks to the bioluminescent plankton in
the water
you didn't think these were real stars
did you
if the stars don't interest you that
much you'd likely like the sky full of
balloons
cappadocia a region in turkey is
originally famous for incredible rock
formations
but it also attracts visitors thanks to
its wonderful
hot air balloon experience for those who
always wanted to walk on clouds whenever
they peeped out of the window on a plane
good news guys you can do just that in
bolivia
it's not a literal cloud but an
extremely large salt tile
it's called salar de uyuni and it
mirrors the sky
during the wet season creating that
illusion of infinity and walking on the
sky
in colombia make sure to visit the los
laju's sanctuary
to get to the church itself you'll need
to cross a bridge that seems to be hung
right in the air and there's some fast
flowing water underneath you
well we're back in france it's colemar
alsance region
and just look at these houses colorful
facades made of timber
canals all adorned with flowers and
cobblestone streets
germany is full of cities with these
cozy gingerbread houses
and rothenberg abdu tauber is not an
exception
it's an almost fully preserved medieval
town with dozens of multicolored facades
and authentic taverns
it looks especially magical in winter
with snow
dusted roofs and awesome holiday markets
in iceland many houses have grass roofs
such dwellings are called turf houses
and grass on top of them has multiple
functions
it not only decorates but also protect
houses from heavy rains
the grass grows in the foundation made
of lava rock
and needs regular trimming in costa rica
on the islands of isla de cano there's
an assortment of about 300
circular objects of different sizes
locals call them
las bolas which is simply the balls in
english
these stones have an almost perfectly
round shape
some of them are huge weighing up to 16
tons each
they're also made of different materials
gabro limestone and sandstone
they're considered to have been put in
lines in front of the chiefs houses
nobody knows for sure where those balls
came from but some
myths claim they originated from
atlantis
a place called angel fall speaks for
itself
it does look idyllic it's the world's
tallest
uninterrupted waterfall many times
taller than niagara falls
the water falls in cascades and much of
it evaporates on its way down
which creates an illusion of those
beautiful clouds
if you're into dazzling shine try
visiting the grand
crystal cave in mexico you can only do
so under professional supervision
but it's definitely worth it chances are
you've never seen a crystal
twice your body size in morocco
there's a town called chefchaouen in
which the prevalent color is sky blue
not azure not corn flower blue and not
turquoise
most dwellings there are painted the
most beautiful shade of blue you've ever
seen
the place is not easily accessible it's
located
in the rift mountains one more sky blue
place is santorini
which is probably a bit more easily
accessible the dwellings are painted
white
but almost all the roofs are of a
vibrant blue shade
the white paint is to keep the heat away
and make sure you've got the most
instagramable location
in slovenia don't forget to visit one of
the world's most spectacular spots
lake bled the color is truly aquamarine
nope it's not photoshopped right in the
middle of the lake
there's a cliff which is actually a
small island
there's a castle and a couple of other
dwellings too
to sweeten the trip even more try a
piece of blood cream cake
baked with a secret recipe
when you first see a photo of moraine
lake in canada
you'll probably believe it's either
photoshopped or painted by a
professional artist
but this place is real combining a
myriad of blue shades that feel
so idyllic you don't want to ever leave
here
[Music]
began the mysterious land located in
myanmar
has all the ingredients to be a truly
out of the fairy tale spot
you can enjoy all the exotic vegetation
misty mountain landscape
and numerous temples riding a bike or
you can see it from a hot air balloon
the philippines have a bunch of things
to see but there's definitely something
special about local beaches
if you ever go there the hidden beach in
the el nido itinerary is the perfect
place to enjoy some solitude
the beach is securely protected from
boats and unwanted weather conditions by
limestone coves
in the italian region of liguria there's
dozens of precious beaches you'll never
forget
bay of poets in puerto venerae is one of
them
the beach is located right on the cliff
and there's also
underwater caves you can swim into it's
called
bay of poets because the legend says
byron got inspired there
swimming across the bay in search of his
muse which he eventually found
the area chinkatari is in liguria too
and is really close so if you always
wanted to see those italian cliffs and
sea wallpaper in real life
head there the legend has it that seamen
would paint their houses bright colors
to find the way home easier the isle of
skye
scotland could be a perfect decoration
for some historical tv show
about proud nights and their maidens
there are also
probably some fairies in the fairy pools
in fairy glen
the must see here is the old man of
store
a hill that combines rocky and steep
sides
there are no legends or anything but
it's one of the most
inspiring and photographed areas on our
planet
at first sight if you take a look at it
from the land
it'll seem just a stone bridge but its
main secret
is to look at it from the water the
bridge reflection forms a perfect circle
that looks like some sort of a portal to
a hidden underwater world
it's located in saxony and is just a
short drive from berlin
or dresden